Update local.adoc (#3603)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/files/external_storage/local.adoc

for information on correct file permissions, and find your HTTP user
xref:configuration/general_topics/general_troubleshooting.adoc#php-version-and-information[PHP Version and Information].

> To enable Local storage, you must first enable it by editing your ownCloud installation’s `config/config.php` file using the following configuration:
> 
> [source,php]
> ----
> 'files_external_allow_create_new_local' => 'true',
> ----
> 
> To manage Local storage, navigate to `admin`, and then to `Storage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Local storage, you must first enable it by editing your ownCloud installation’s `config/config.php` file adding the following configuration key:

[source,php]
----
'files_external_allow_create_new_local' => 'true',
----

To manage Local storage, navigate to menu:Settings[Admin > Storage].
```
